README.md, before:

## Joseph Edwards Rean


Hi, I'm Joseph! Currently studying on the Makers Academy course. I absolutely love that my new life is problem solving through code!
#A sentence about who and what you are. Then a sentence about what you've achieved. And then a sentence about what excites you about tech.

## Projects

| Name                         | Description       | Tech/tools        |
| ---------------------------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| **Final project**            | A webapp to do x. | React, Jest, etc. |
| **Western Videogame Demo** | Proof of concept wild west game mechanics. | GDScript              |

## Work Experience

**Immersive Everywhere- Doctor Who Time Fracture** (October 2021 to April 2022)  
_Tech Swing Audio & Video_

- take on the roles of "Head of Sound" and "Head of Video" for 2 - 3 shows per week and to cover staff absence
- Powering on all video and audio equipment in the venue
- Performing rig check before each show and logging results
- Fixing any and all issues that arise in the rig check
- Running the video or sound for the durartion of the show, following Deputy Stage Manager's show calls
- Running in and out of live show to fix or alter any sound or video equipment issues
- Programming elements of sound and video design on mac using Qlab, Yamaha Mixers, Disguise and Dante

**Company Name** (start-date to end-date)  
_Your job title_

- Any experience relevent to software development

## Skills

Consider skills relevent to software development. Then consider your best skills. Pick 2-4 skills and write a short descriptive paragraph for each one. You should demonstrate how capable you are at this skill with examples.
(Using a STAR example Paragraph) Consider the questions below.

-STAR
-What was the situation/task? (ST)

-How was the skill used?

-What did you do? (action)

-What was the result?


#### Excellent time management

Having worked in theatre for the past year, I am very used to working with and managing time pressures. I am used to managing expectations and scope of projects in the rehearsal/development phase, as well as setting up and dealing with last minute issues close to a performance time/deadline.

- I successfully developed, designed and performed an expanded scope performance of my final University year's performance in a Fringe theatre feestival. To do this, I took on rolesof deisnging the lighting, sound and video for the performance, performing and operating sound and video in the final piece as well as teaching someone how to operate the lighting for the performance. This meant that the scope of any technical aspects of the performance were my responsibility. This meant I taught myself any software and hardware I was not familiar with, such as lighting desk Jester, as well as limiting the scope of the performance so that we did not promise more than we could deliver. This meant holding off on technological aspects such as an interactive video call projection as it brought on more complications too soon to the first performance to be ironed out completely, as well as adding additional elements where possible in orderto enhance the show. One example being a full video projection of the live action on stage.


#### Stressful situations

Working in theatre I have become used to ignoring stress in orderto fix the issue as quickly as possible, without breaking the show and world for the audience or causing issues for any ofthe other tech staff or performers.

- One morning on the set of "Doctor Who: Time Fracture" as acting Head of Sound, after turning on the equipment throughout the site, an error arose. The issue was that a communication had not been established between all the different speakers and projectors throughout the building.
- Firstly I assessed the errors occuring to make sense of the issue, and after a I had tested a few ideas to fix the problems it was getting too close to the start of the performance, so I made the desicion I needed to inform higher members of staff to get a solution and to inform them the show may be affected.
- I alerted the Stage Manager so she could prepare explanations for audience and fellow staff if necessary. I then contacted the Production Sound Installer, informed him of the issue and what how I had attempted to solve the issue.
- A link to some on-line evidence (blogs, videos, articles, etc.)


### Another Skill- When making my game?

What was the skill?
- Situation
- how was it used?
- action?
- result

## Education

#### Makers Academy (May 2022 to September 2022)
- Use short descriptions of what you did and a skill you used. (Similar to format from the 'Work Experience' section above)
- e.g Frequently used paring in order to problemsolve effeciently, requiring teamwork and communication.
- you might also mention aspects some other skills/knowledge listed below: 
- OOP, TDD, MVC, DDD
- Agile/XP
- Ruby, Rails, JavaScript
- RSpec, Jasmine

#### Goldsmiths University of London (September 2018 to July 2021)

- BA Drama and Theatre Arts
- 1st Class Honours
- I was an acgtive member of the Drama Society during my time at Goldsmiths, where I had a great time performing in the 

#### Black Belt in Karate!

Although this doesn't help me in coding as I can't roundhouse kick theerror messages away, it does show my commitment, dedication and respect. I loved being involved in my Karate club and respect was one of the main pillars of the Martial Art which has stuck with me ever since.

## Hobbies

I love geeking out about games, technology! I love to hear other people's excitement about the world of gaming and technology and share my own interests! I also enjoy relaxing by playing guitar and have reently started painting and playing with Warhammer 40,000 miniatures!

Commit message:

Added sexual health technician work to CV

README.md, after:

## Joseph Edwards Rean


Hi, I'm Joseph! Currently studying on the Makers Academy course. I absolutely love that my new life is problem solving through code!
#A sentence about who and what you are. Then a sentence about what you've achieved. And then a sentence about what excites you about tech.

## Projects

| Name                         | Description       | Tech/tools        |
| ---------------------------- | ----------------- | ----------------- |
| **Ratify**            | A mobile application that allows owners of exotic pets such as Rats to find out safe foods, local vets and upcming events! | React, Node, Express, MongoDB, React Native|
| **Western Videogame Demo** | Proof of concept wild west game mechanics. | GDScript              |

## Work Experience

**Immersive Everywhere- Doctor Who Time Fracture** (October 2021 to April 2022)  
_Tech Swing Audio & Video_

- take on the roles of "Head of Sound" and "Head of Video" for 2 - 3 shows per week and to cover staff absence
- Powering on all video and audio equipment in the venue
- Performing rig check before each show and logging results
- Fixing any and all issues that arise in the rig check
- Running the video or sound for the durartion of the show, following Deputy Stage Manager's show calls
- Running in and out of live show to fix or alter any sound or video equipment issues
- Programming elements of sound and video design on mac using Qlab, Yamaha Mixers, Disguise and Dante

- Any experience relevent to software development
**NHS The Wolverton Centre** (September 2017 to June 2018)
_Sexual Health Technician_

- Client facing role, offering support to patients and clinicians
- Trained in and performed phlebotomy daily
- Trained in microscopy for Sexually Transmitted Infections as lead diagnosis support for Clinicians.
- Being at the patient's side for invasive and uncomfortable procedures, assisting clinician and emotionally supporting patients
- Offering confidentiality and a friendly face for patients in a scary environment
- Maintaining composure and efficiency in a time sensitive and patient supportive mannor

## Skills

Consider skills relevent to software development. Then consider your best skills. Pick 2-4 skills and write a short descriptive paragraph for each one. You should demonstrate how capable you are at this skill with examples.
(Using a STAR example Paragraph) Consider the questions below.

-STAR
-What was the situation/task? (ST)

-How was the skill used?

-What did you do? (action)

-What was the result?


#### Excellent time management

Having worked in theatre for the past year, I am very used to working with and managing time pressures. I am used to managing expectations and scope of projects in the rehearsal/development phase, as well as setting up and dealing with last minute issues close to a performance time/deadline.

- I successfully developed, designed and performed an expanded scope performance of my final University year's performance in a Fringe theatre feestival. To do this, I took on rolesof deisnging the lighting, sound and video for the performance, performing and operating sound and video in the final piece as well as teaching someone how to operate the lighting for the performance. This meant that the scope of any technical aspects of the performance were my responsibility. This meant I taught myself any software and hardware I was not familiar with, such as lighting desk Jester, as well as limiting the scope of the performance so that we did not promise more than we could deliver. This meant holding off on technological aspects such as an interactive video call projection as it brought on more complications too soon to the first performance to be ironed out completely, as well as adding additional elements where possible in orderto enhance the show. One example being a full video projection of the live action on stage.


#### Stressful situations

Working in theatre I have become used to ignoring stress in orderto fix the issue as quickly as possible, without breaking the show and world for the audience or causing issues for any ofthe other tech staff or performers.

- One morning on the set of "Doctor Who: Time Fracture" as acting Head of Sound, after turning on the equipment throughout the site, an error arose. The issue was that a communication had not been established between all the different speakers and projectors throughout the building.
- Firstly I assessed the errors occuring to make sense of the issue, and after a I had tested a few ideas to fix the problems it was getting too close to the start of the performance, so I made the desicion I needed to inform higher members of staff to get a solution and to inform them the show may be affected.
- I alerted the Stage Manager so she could prepare explanations for audience and fellow staff if necessary. I then contacted the Production Sound Installer, informed him of the issue and what how I had attempted to solve the issue.
- A link to some on-line evidence (blogs, videos, articles, etc.)


### Another Skill- When making my game?

What was the skill?
- Situation
- how was it used?
- action?
- result

## Education

#### Makers Academy (May 2022 to September 2022)
- Use short descriptions of what you did and a skill you used. (Similar to format from the 'Work Experience' section above)
- e.g Frequently used paring in order to problemsolve effeciently, requiring teamwork and communication.
- you might also mention aspects some other skills/knowledge listed below: 
- OOP, TDD, MVC, DDD
- Agile/XP
- Ruby, Rails, JavaScript
- RSpec, Jasmine

#### Goldsmiths University of London (September 2018 to July 2021)

- BA Drama and Theatre Arts
- 1st Class Honours
- I was an acgtive member of the Drama Society during my time at Goldsmiths, where I had a great time performing in the 

#### Black Belt in Karate!

Although this doesn't help me in coding as I can't roundhouse kick theerror messages away, it does show my commitment, dedication and respect. I loved being involved in my Karate club and respect was one of the main pillars of the Martial Art which has stuck with me ever since.

## Hobbies

I love geeking out about games, technology! I love to hear other people's excitement about the world of gaming and technology and share my own interests! I also enjoy relaxing by playing guitar and have reently started painting and playing with Warhammer 40,000 miniatures!
